Previewfiles: 

----

Title: Sunday 21.4 | 18.30 - 20.30 | Roundtable Discussion

----

Contentblocks: 

- 
  picture: costis-hadjimichalis.jpg
  caption: 'Costis Hadjimichalis is Professor Emeritus and teaches graduate courses at the Geography Department, Harokopio University, Athens. Among his recent books are: Schuldenkrise und Landraub in Griechenland, Westfӓlishes Dampfboot, 2016 and Crises Spaces. Structures, resistance and solidarity in Southern Europe, Routledge, 2017.'
  _fieldset: image
- 
  picture: cv_leontidou.jpg
  caption: >
    Lila Leontidou is Architect, Planner and
    Geographer, Visiting Professor of
    Mediterranean Studies at the University
    of Peloponnese, Senior Fellow at the LSE
    (UK) since 2012 and at the JHU (USA)
    1986. She has published about 200
    scholarly books, articles and monographs
    in Greek, English and French. She has
    authored The Mediterranean City in
    Transition (Cambridge U.P. 1990/2006),
    Cities of Silence (in Greek, Athens
    1989/2013), Geographically Illiterate
    Land (in Greek, Athens 2005/2011) and
    co-edited Mediterranean Tourism
    (Routledge 2001), Urban Sprawl in Europe
    (Blackwell 2007) and other volumes.
  _fieldset: image
- 
  picture: maloutas1.jpg
  caption: 'Thomas Maloutas is Professor at the Department of Geography, Harokopio University. Former Director of the Institute of Urban and Rural Sociology of the National Centre for Social Research (EKKE) and Professor at the Department of Planning, University of Thessaly. He recently served as General Secretary for Research & Technology. His work is related to the changing social structures in metropolitan areas in the era of capitalist globalisation with a focus on issues of segregation and gentrification related to housing and broader welfare regimes. His research and published work refer mainly to the South European urban context and especially to Athens.'
  _fieldset: image
- 
  picture: sstavrides.jpg
  caption: 'Dr. Stavros Stavrides, architect and activist, is Professor at the School of Architecture, National Technical University of Athens, Greece, where he teaches graduate courses on housing design (social housing design included), as well as a postgraduate course on the meaning of metropolitan experience. His research is currently focused on forms of emancipating spatial practices and urban commons, characteristically developed in his last books Common Space: The City as Commons, (2016), and Common Spaces of Urban Emancipation (forthcoming in 2019). He has lectured in European and Latin American Universities on urban struggles and practices of urban commoning.'
  _fieldset: image